Yep.
So let's good.
This recursive relation that we have formed here.
And believe me, it's the easiest thing to do because we have been already coding recursion from a very
long time.
So.
The only thing that we need to do is we need to just understand how to move down on tree.
And that is also very easy and just normal.
Yeah.
So let me quickly.
Okay.
Let me quickly take this graph, this tree as an input, right?
So maybe for some of you it might be new for those who have done the graph algorithm scores or those
who are actually doing epi for them, this will be the right, you understand?
How am I taking this input?
This is one in five plus one.
Let's take it plus one because one based indexing.
And what we do is we take we take this vector.
Eddie and let's call it in.
And in this world, really just push the edges into the list.
Actually, I'm feeling guilty of, you know.
Not explaining this, but.
This is a dynamic program.
All right.
I've explained all of this in the.
Get off to Texas.
And also it's very easy to understand the edges so and in adjacency list of X let's push back.
By an adjacency list of why.
Let's push back.
It.
So this is normal.
Three that are.
Input.
And so what I do is I see out nothing but deep.
So what are we making?
A rude note.
We can make any of the notes that general ladies go to make one as it rule.
Not because it's easy to understand sometimes when we try to make a tree, when we write it on the copy
and understand it, and we generally start with one, right?
So I'm just thinking, when is the rule not but it won't matter.
You can also take two and go until.
And it.
What I'll do is say the minimum of the b10 comma DP one one.
That means include.
When I don't include one, I'm starting from one.
That means on my DFS, my DP might occasionally start from one and it will be automatically consider
the rule note of the poultry it went into.
DP of DFS Limited DP here, but it is the only thing is incorrect and this is a boolean.
Which is or not.
So.
And also they were moulting when we performed deep entries.
We can just pass the third single parent so that we just move downwards in the direction.
Don't go upwards.
So let me just pass a third value, which is minus one initially, because if one is a rule, none of
the three doesn't have a parent.
So I just pass minus one does anything but some trip fixed or, you know, go over into the office.
So what I'll do is I simply say I'll iterate over all the.
I'd simply trade over all the values and all the additions list of the current node.
And I would say if X is not equal to pairing, that means it is not the pairing.
Note That means now I'm talking about only.
Childhood.
I still hear.
X is only the.
Not.
Eight.
I live vertex.
This is normally a visit.
We're doing more dances.
Yeah.
They are two things that I including it or I'm not including it.
So let's take a BP Eddie.
And let's make enough doses of the Pfizer and DPA zero and DPA.
So let's make the best cases.
The best case is nothing but.
Any note, if I'm not including it.
The Pickering zero is nothing but zero eight.
And okay, so the first thing is that I have already used a boolean area which is take eight.
So instead of zero, let me write it.
And here what I can say is they wyomissing they did because a symbol, right?
Let's say it is a leaf.
And what happens in the leave, not this fall, will not one swallow villain, but we will never go
inside this if case ranked because lethal does not have a chain.
And here what I simply do that simply returned BP current pick it so but in the base because he's you
going to you know have this basically right if or deviant rates because we know the base case is nothing
where they leave note and for the leave not will never going this far.
Look there will be no other day because of whatever it is stored over here will be written they if for
any leaf not if I'm not taking it, it will be zero.
If I'm digging it, it will be one full.
So that's what we wanted.
Now let's go over this for a loop and let's do a DFS.
So what I would simply say is if.
Take.
That's right.
There are other ways to call it also.
I hear all the ways.
Maybe we can use the other way to put it.
But let me quickly go this one less.
If I'm taking it, that means the current.
That means this one, it be cut in one eye.
This one has already been added over here because I'm taking it.
And now what I have to do is nothing but some for the minimum of.
Okay, let me summit.
I'll simply say to be current is nothing.
But the current take is nothing but minimum of epi x.
I figured.
Yeah.
So instead of, you know, writing DP X Comma Zero this way, what I can do is I can call it also eight.
So I can simply say and just tell me what is the it'd be a comma zero.
I'm not taking it and the current becomes the parent of X.
There are some few things that might confuse you because if you're if you don't know the DFS rate,
otherwise, the second guess will be if I'm taking the high note and still carrying this, my parents,
whatever the minimum of them, I simply add them in my typical rate.
And what the second case if I am.
Okay.
Sorry.
Yeah, this is.
This should come over here and this should come here because they think if they get one, then this
will happen.
If there is zero, then what will happen?
I'd simply say, tell me minimum of BP.
But it's not many movement this time.
It just a summation of deep explain.
So let me just back.
It is simply X comma, one comma.
But it will be the symbolism.
Right.
And also these we don't have to take this in.
We don't have to take this out in this particular exam, particular code, because this can also be
sorted using by just taking a variable could answer it.
Let me just take a variable answer.
And.
It's the same technique and I submit it and the answer.
Well, so this is normal recursion.
I haven't applied the bee to it.
That is memorization.
But this is normal recursion.
And this will take a huge complexity because for any node, there will be multiple calls happening.
Of course I am doing our DFS, but.
This is not an open solution right now because this is normally coordinated.
I will travel down the aisle, come up again, travel down the tree and then come up.
Then again, travel down the track.
Because I'm not memories do well so wisely.
Let me just build it so that we can see if we are getting any answers.
Okay.
Yeah, let me remove the area.
We don't need it.
This is normal to go.
Oh, here.
You can see we have one for this.
And for my tree, which is let me make my own tree, which is seven nodes.
One, two, one, three.
One, four, two five, three, six, four.
Seven eight.
Yeah.
So here we see the dance industry.
Well, and now what can happen is I can just use memorization to memorize it.
But what I would simply say is if.
Okay.
If my more current IG is not a gold mine isn't here, parent is not the independent variable rate,
but any nordex parent is only one in the duty rate that can be written.
Memo current.
Think this is more of a deep regret.
I've gotten it.
And after this, I will call more of a DFS approach, which will.
Which is also good to learn.
And finally, what I'll do is I simply.
You might.
And before moving on, I just have to make this memo to B minus one.
Ma'am said my move minus one side of.
Later in the next part, what we'll do is we'll call more of our DFS approach to this is a more of a
deep approach and you have to be willing to be, but it will be a different way of using.
DP okay.
So that that was it, guys.
I hope this is very clear to all of us.
And let's meet you in the next part.
Thank you.